docs: add shell guidance to avoid `set -e` variants in this environment (#10579)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: .openhands/microagents/repo.md

IMPORTANT: Before making any changes to the codebase, ALWAYS run `make install-pre-commit-hooks` to ensure pre-commit hooks are properly installed.

## Shell usage in this environment

> - Do NOT use `set -e`, `set -eu`, or `set -euo pipefail` in shell scripts or commands in this environment. The runtime may not support them and can cause early termination. Use direct commands and handle errors normally.

Author: ```suggestion
- Do NOT use `set -e`, `set -eu`, or `set -euo pipefail` in shell scripts or commands in this environment. The runtime may not support them and can cause unusable shell sessions. Use direct commands and handle errors normally.
```
